Release 2.0.1 (#2062)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/releases.md

---
title: Releases
description:
weight: 1900
doctypes: ["concept"]
toc: true
---

## NGINX Ingress Controller 2.0.1

07 Oct 2021

FIXES:

> * [2051](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/pull/2051) Use release specific repo for NGINX Plus on Debian. This fixes an error when building Debian-based images with NGINX Plus: previously, building an image would fail with the error `Package 'nginx-plus-r24' has no installation candidate`. The bug first appeared when NGINX Plus R25 was released on 28 September 2021.

Reviewer: clarified because it only affects the NAP image and there is no need for first appeared, because 2.0.0 was released with the bug - the build was always failing
```suggestion
* [2051](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/pull/2051) Use release specific repo for NGINX Plus on Debian. This fixes an error when building the Debian-based image with NGINX Plus and App Protect: previously, building the image would fail with the error `Package 'nginx-plus-r24' has no installation candidate`.
```
